what's up guys i pop maniac here and
today i'm bringing you an app review on
the App World of Goo this up is three
dollars in the iTunes score store and it
is um one of my favorite apps is a
really good this is a physics simulation
game but one thing I really don't like
is a menu it's really vague and the
buttons like you don't know exactly what
a click but once you figure it out it's
pretty easy so that's okay just for the
new beginners you're just starting it
can be confusing so you're down here you
have who you are you can add new oh I
guess you're gonna have two different
three different slots I don't even know
that cancel and you can erase them which
would be bad but anyways you can also i
think that leaderboards you can check
that that's the credits actually my bad
napa leaderboards so i'll go into
chapter one and then just show you the
basic level the first one so what you
have is a bunch of Bob's globs of goo
and you want to combine them to reach
the top of this pipe and then it will
suck up all the glue dubs glue blobs
with it that you have and pull them into
that and you go us to get this money
this is how many you want collected it
always tell you in the bottom screen you
want to get that money and if you get
extra it will send it the extras to the
World of Goo corporation which I will
show you now this is a really easy level
I'm going to go show you the World of
Goo corporation and then I'm going to go
show you in more difficult levels I'm
not actually going to play it I'm just
going to show you see I didn't get any
extra balls for this because I've
already played it and I've already
gotten extra balls for this level so I'm
sure if you get higher than them extra
balls that you had before then they'll
give you those but i'm not positive and
right here is the World of Goo
corporation
this is a whenever you get extra gold
extra goods it's stored in here and what
you want to do is try and build the
tallest tower you can right now I have
81 and I'm making it really wide tower
to make sure it's stable because I'm
hoping to get a lot more Google gloves
and it shows the height and if you're
logged in the internet which I'm
currently am I yes so you can see all
the other clouds around you there they
are all these clouds represent other
people in the world that are at the same
height or close to mine so this guy's
eight point 0 meters this guy's 8.1 he's
a point 7 and I am Josh get out the
white 8.3 this can be a pain because
it's always the numbers right under your
thumb which is a stupid blood I don't
understand that part for whatever whoops
just mess that up I don't know where was
I screwed right there doesn't look like
it with day whatever I'll sleep in there
anyways that's the water blue
corporation won't try and get as high as
you can and also here I'll show you're
just in here I forgot to point this out
there are these little signs and they
give you hints and just funny little
remarks sometimes you can read them i'm
not going to read through this but
basically what this one says is that if
you go up high enough maybe there's
something up there may be an extra mini
game or something I don't know they
don't actually tell you whether there is
or not that you said say maybe there's
an OP like a chance that it could be up
there and they want you to go up there
and find out I don't know how I'll it is
if there is anything so right now much
chapter 2 i'll show you the one I'm on
right now just pretty good no I don't
like that one I'll show you the one a
month I was previously on here it is
okay I don't want to watch this kind of
skip it no I'll give it ever see this
one is a lot more difficult yet the
these red oh by the way there's
different colored blobs that have
different abilities the red one is like
a balloon like that it will float and
pull it off the black ones are normal
you get white ones that are the droplets
green ones that easily detach from each
other
a bunch of different ones now what you
want to do for this one you want to get
her to roll across this this black thing
you need to make another wire roll down
into this she'll break up on this into a
bunch of different pieces roll down and
then you got to get her into that tube
and that's how you beat this level now
see if they get much more complex and
I'm sure they just get harder and harder
as you go on which is fun because then
you have more of a challenge and there's
always a retry button down here you can
pause down here you can skip the level
if it comes to hard we try it or you can
quit and resume and is also an over
completion disorder and it gives you
many objectives I've had not yet i have
yet to beat one of these many objectives
I don't know what happens we do so let
me know if you ever do in the comments
below yeah anything else I want to show
you know it's pretty much it yeah except
I don't know definitely there's a bunch
of different goob types one bad thing
about that though they don't always
describe exactly how dare different like
they don't they want to specifically say
this one does this or something and
that's just annoying but this is a great
app I go to 5 out of 5 my favorite
physics I've ever definitely go check it
out 3,000 the app store All Right see
you guys